Master Xu is waiting on Earth
I don't think so
Just oh my god
It's late tomorrow.
Village Chief Yang, who is this?
It's Lord Zhao. This young man is called Ye Fan.
The mountain you like is currently in his hands
Mr. Ye, my name is Xu Wang
The village chief should have told you before coming, right?
Well, it's all said
I won't say much more then.
How much is that?
Is there a problem with buying your mountain for 80,000 yuan at one price?
It's ok.
Okay, in that case
Let's sign the contract
Mr. Ye is cheerful
Xu Shao
This is the seventh lie
Mr. Ye
You are strong
I don't know, it's inconvenient for us to ask.
What are you going to do with this mountain?
I plan to build a resort
Resort is right
Is the place to play
What about when it's built?
Mr. Ye
You can come and play for free with this business card
Feilong Resort Group
What's wrong, Mr. Yi?
Do you know my salary?